Clarifying consensus about role selection (#2382)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/emeritus-adviser/README.md

Reviewer: Can we pull the selection process text into `release-team-selection.md` and instead reference it in the Week -2 – 0 section?
Let's minimize the oppty for the intent to drift.

Author: Moved the selection process into a dedicated section of this doc and linked it back from the EA documentation.

Weeks: -2 to 0

At least 2 weeks before the new release cycle begins, the EA is responsible for

> posting the "Assemble the X.Y Release Team" issue in the SIG-Release repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
posting the "Assemble the X.Y Release Team" issue in the SIG Release repo
```

I know this was in the original text, but calling out that we should not hyphenate SIG names, outside of cases that might require non-whitespace characters e.g., the explicit name of the GitHub repo (`github.com/kubernetes/sig-release`)

([example](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/issues/776)). Before doing

> that, it's required to reach consensus with all [SIG Release Leads](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/teams/sig-release-leads)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that, it's required to reach consensus with all [SIG Release Leads](https://git.k8s.io/community/sig-release/#leadership)
```

about the next Release Team Lead as well as EA, which can be done by using a

> private Slack group (or a mail thread). If consensus has been reached, then the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slack group DM or an email thread to sig-release-leads@kubernetes.io. If consensus has been reached, then the
```

Two fixes:
- let's be careful about using the word "private" w.r.t. Slack comms, given past situations
- naming the SIG Release Leads mailing list
